# Movie-Recommender-System
Made by Roll no. 18bce205 and 18bce210.

Description - This system recommend the movies based on Demographic Filtering and also on the basis of Content Filtering.

Please extract the tmdb_5000_credits from the rar folder(as the file was > 25Mb).


The first dataset contains the following features:-
* movie_id - A unique identifier for each movie.
* cast - The name of lead and supporting actors.
* crew - The name of Director, Editor, Composer, Writer etc.

The second dataset has the following features:- 
* budget - The budget in which the movie was made.
* genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc.
* homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie.
* id - This is infact the movie_id as in the first dataset.
* keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie.
* original_language - The language in which the movie was made.
* original_title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation.
* overview - A brief description of the movie.
* popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity.
* production_companies - The production house of the movie.
* production_countries - The country in which it was produced.
* release_date - The date on which it was released.
* revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie.
* runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes.
* status - "Released" or "Rumored".
* tagline - Movie's tagline.
* title - Title of the movie.
* vote_average -  average ratings the movie recieved.
* vote_count - the count of votes recieved.

